Add tracing sections for gateway 3.0 (#4014)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/3.0.x/observability/logs.md

---
title: Logging Reference
---

## Log Levels

Log levels are set in [Kong's configuration](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/reference/configuration/#log_level). Following are the log levels in increasing order of their severity: `debug`, `info`,
`notice`, `warn`, `error` and `crit`.

> - *`debug`:* It provides debug information about the plugin's runloop and each individual plugin or other components. Only to be used during debugging since it is too chatty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *`debug`:* It provides debug information about the plugin's run loop and each individual plugin or other components. Only to be used during debugging since it is too chatty.
```
